Alibaba	Ele.me	invest	In April 2016, Ele.me raised $1.25 billion from Alibaba and its internet finance arm Ant Financial.
Ant Financial	Ele.me	invest	In April 2016, Ele.me raised $1.25 billion from Alibaba and its internet finance arm Ant Financial.
Ele.me	Baidu Waimai	acquire	Ele.me officially announced the purchase of Baidu Waimai, the food delivery unit of major internet search engine Baidu Inc, in August last year.
Ele.me	Meituan Waimai	competitor	The market is dominated by Ele.me and Meituan Waimai, which currently hold 48.8 percent and 43.1 percent of market shares respectively, according to market consultancy Analysys.
Zhang Yong	Alibaba	employeed	Yicai said it's possible that Ele.me will be put under Alibaba's CEO Daniel Zhang Yong, and play a role of new retail infrastructure.
Alibaba	Tencent	competitor	Competition between Alibaba, Tencent intensifies in the offline retail market
Tencent	Heilan Home Co Ltd	invest	Tencent's latest investment in Chinese menswear group Heilan Home Co Ltd, its third move into the retail market within a week, highlights its ambition to challenge Alibaba as the two are racing to reinvent old-school retailing with technology, analysts said on Monday.
Alibaba	Ant Financial	acquire	Country's e-commerce behemoth, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, announced to have purchased 33 percent stake in its payment arm, Ant Financial Services Group, which is reportedly a move aiming at clearing the way for an initial public offering.
Tencent	Dalian WanDa	invest	A consortium led by Tencent Holdings Ltd will invest 34 billion yuan ($5.37 billion) in the commercial property arm of Dalian Wanda Group, among the latest and biggest tie-up between internet firms and brick-and-mortar commerce in China to revamp old-school retailing.
Tencent	Skydance	acquire	Internet conglomerate Tencent Holdings Ltd is buying a stake in Skydance Media LLC, the Hollywood production company behind Terminator, as it expands its entertainment portfolio to draw a larger audience from home and abroad.
Alan Qi	AntFinancial	employeed	"AI is ubiquitous like water. It's like nutrition to business development," said Alan Qi, vice-president and chief data scientist at Ant Financial.
Didi	19Pay	acquire	Didi has agreed to acquire third-party payment-services provider 19Pay for 300 million yuan ($45.4 million), according to a filing by Shenzhen-listed GoHigh Data Networks Technology Co, the owner of 19Pay.
LiChao	iResearch	employeed	Li Chao, a senior analyst at market research company iResearch, said it is a natural move for Didi to enter the internet finance sector, as the company processes a huge amount of data every day.
Mobike	Ofo	competitor	Whether China's largest bike-sharing start-ups, Mobike and Ofo, will merge drew more attention in the second half of the year, with investors implying "yes" while managers said "no".
WangXiaofeng	Mobike	employeed	Wang Xiaofeng, Mobike's founder and chief executive, said in late November his company will never merge with Ofo. Dai Wei, CEO of Ofo, also denied the merger in public.
DaiWei	Ofo	employeed	Wang Xiaofeng, Mobike's founder and chief executive, said in late November his company will never merge with Ofo. Dai Wei, CEO of Ofo, also denied the merger in public.
Ele.me	Baidu Waimai	competitor	Ele.me, one of the largest players in China's food delivery service sector, has officially announced the purchase of its rival Baidu Waimai, the food delivery unit of major internet search engine Baidu Inc－a move that's expected to shore up Ele.me's lead in a fiercely competitive industry.
Ele.me	Baidu Waimai	acquire	Ele.me, one of the largest players in China's food delivery service sector, has officially announced the purchase of its rival Baidu Waimai, the food delivery unit of major internet search engine Baidu Inc－a move that's expected to shore up Ele.me's lead in a fiercely competitive industry.
Zhang Xuhao	Ele.me	employeed	Zhang Xuhao, founder and CEO of Ele.me, said in an open letter that Baidu Waimai has accumulated a rich user base and merchant resources, taking a lead in applying artificial intelligent technologies to food delivery. The merger will complement each other's advantages and enhance the user experience.
Robin	Baidu	employeed	The online food delivery sector had not been Baidu's core business since the second half of last year as Baidu CEO Robin Li put more emphasis on AI.
Alibaba	Daraz	acquire	Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is spreading its wings further into South Asia by acquiring the region's largest e-commerce platform Daraz.
Daniel Zhang	Alibaba	employeed	"We are excited for Daraz to become a part of the Alibaba ecosystem," said Alibaba Chief Executive Officer Daniel Zhang.
Alibaba	Daraz	a-re	China's online-to-offline catering company Meituan-Dianping acquired bike-sharing firm Mobike, Meituan CEO Wang Xing said in an internal letter Wednesday, according to a report by tech.sina.com.cn.
Wang Xing	Meituan	employeed	China's online-to-offline catering company Meituan-Dianping acquired bike-sharing firm Mobike, Meituan CEO Wang Xing said in an internal letter Wednesday, according to a report by tech.sina.com.cn.
Hu Weiwei	Mobike	employeed	Hu Weiwei, founder and president of Mobike.
Ma Huateng	Tencent	employeed	In this deal, Tencent CEO Pony Ma Huateng served as a bridge between Meituan and Mobike, Caixin reported.
Alibaba	Tencent	competitor	The duel between China's business conglomerates Alibaba and Tencent will move to online food ordering services.
Alibaba	Ele.me	acquire	On Monday, Alibaba and its financial arm, Ant Financial, signed an agreement with online food ordering platform Ele.me to buy out and take full control of the platform for $9.5 billion (59.58 billion yuan).
Ele.me	Baidu Waimai	acquire	Last August, Ele.com purchased Baidu Waimai, a food delivery unit of internet search company Baidu, to take nearly half the share of the online food ordering market
Alibaba	Meituan	competitor	Alibaba will integrate Ele.me's businesses to compete with Meituan, a Tencent-backed online lifestyle platform that has some share of the market, according to the news portal thepaper, citing Futu Securities.
Alibaba	Tencent	competitor	Alibaba will integrate Ele.me's businesses to compete with Meituan, a Tencent-backed online lifestyle platform that has some share of the market, according to the news portal thepaper, citing Futu Securities.
Ele.me	Meituan	competitor	Alibaba will integrate Ele.me's businesses to compete with Meituan, a Tencent-backed online lifestyle platform that has some share of the market, according to the news portal thepaper, citing Futu Securities.
Alibaba	Ant Financial	acquire	China's e-commerce giant Alibaba announced Thursday that it will acquire a 33 percent equity interest in Ant Financial, which provides mobile payments, lending and credit services.
Alibaba	Xiaopeng Motors	acquire	An investment subsidiary of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has acquired a holding of around 10 percent in Xiaopeng Motors, a Guangzhou-based new energy car startup, marking the latest entry into a crowded field that could become a $42 billion industry.
Alibaba	Sun Art Retail	acquire	Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is expanding into offline retail by acquiring over one-third of the stakes in China's largest hypermarket chain operator Sun Art Retail Group.
Alibaba	Tokopedia	acquire	China's e-commerce giant Alibaba will invest $1.1 billion in Indonesia's largest online marketplace Tokopedia.
Alibaba	Zomato	acquire	Indian online restaurant search and food ordering startup Zomato is in talks to seek $200 million from Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba and its financial affiliate Ant Financial that runs China's largest e-wallet Alipay, according to a report by The Economic Times.
Alibaba	Marriott International	cooperate	Hotel group Marriott International and e-commerce giant Alibaba announced a wide-ranging partnership in the form of a new joint venture on Monday in Shanghai. 
China International Capital Corporation	Krane Funds Advisors	acquire	Chinese investment bank China International Capital Corporation has sealed an agreement to acquire a majority stake in US asset management firm Krane Funds Advisors.
Ant Financial	MoneyGram	acquire	Ant Financial Services Group has raised its agreed offer for electronic payment firm MoneyGram International Inc and the deal was unanimously approved by the US firm's board, outbidding rival Euronet Worldwide Inc.
Baidu	xPerception	acquire	Chinese internet firm Baidu Inc has agreed to acquire US computer vision firm xPerception for an undisclosed amount to support their renewed efforts in artificial intelligence as Chinese tech firms face regulatory headwinds in the United States.
Tencent	Flipkart	invest	Tencent Holdings Ltd said it plans to bring to India its extensive experience linking social networking and e-commerce through a new strategic investment in Flipkart, the country's biggest e-commerce firm.
Tencent	JD	acquire	Last year Tencent acquired 21 percent stake in JD.com, a leading Chinese retail site, to become its top shareholder
Baidu	iQiyi	acquire	Baidu invested $300 million via the form of a convertible bond issuance
Suning	TTK Express	acquire	Suning Commerce Group Co Ltd's logistics subsidiary plans to spend 4.25 billion yuan ($611.03 million) buying Hangzhou-based TTK Express, aiming to expand its logistics business and cover more clients. 
Alibaba	Suning	cooperate	Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and retail giant Suning Commerce Group Co plan to invest 1 billion yuan ($148 million) to set up an e-commerce firm in Chongqing, a move that is likely to intensify their competition with JD.com Inc, China's second-largest e-commerce player. 
Alibaba	JD	competitor	Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and retail giant Suning Commerce Group Co plan to invest 1 billion yuan ($148 million) to set up an e-commerce firm in Chongqing, a move that is likely to intensify their competition with JD.com Inc, China's second-largest e-commerce player. 
Suning	JD	competitor	Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and retail giant Suning Commerce Group Co plan to invest 1 billion yuan ($148 million) to set up an e-commerce firm in Chongqing, a move that is likely to intensify their competition with JD.com Inc, China's second-largest e-commerce player. 
Ant Financial	Ascend Money	acquire	Ant Financial Services Group, the financial arm of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, will acquire a 20 percent stake in Ascend Money, an online payment service provider in Thailand, according to the Ministry of Commerce.
Alibaba	Tencent	competitor	As controllers of Ele.me and Meituan, the competition between Alibaba and Tencent will extend from the online market to the offline market.
Tencent	Ctrip	competitor	Tencent and Ctrip will become major shareholders of the new company after the merger along with other shareholders like Wanda and Ctrip-backed OceanLink.